generic-y += cache.h
generic-y += cmpxchg-local.h
generic-y += cmpxchg.h
generic-y += cputime.h
generic-y += errno.h
generic-y += extable.h
generic-y += ioctl.h
generic-y += ipcbuf.h
generic-y += irqflags.h
generic-y += kmap_types.h
generic-y += mcs_spinlock.h
generic-y += msgbuf.h
generic-y += param.h
generic-y += parport.h
generic-y += pci_iomap.h
generic-y += poll.h
generic-y += resource.h
generic-y += rwsem.h
generic-y += scatterlist.h
generic-y += seccomp.h
generic-y += segment.h
generic-y += sembuf.h
generic-y += shmbuf.h
generic-y += signal.h
generic-y += sizes.h
generic-y += socket.h
generic-y += sockios.h
generic-y += stat.h
generic-y += statfs.h
generic-y += swab.h
generic-y += termbits.h
generic-y += termios.h
generic-y += time.h
generic-y += user.h
